Add tooltip management on check all checkbox (#228)
bithost-gmbh/ngx-mat-select-search: README.md

  /** select all checkbox indeterminate state */
  @Input() toggleAllCheckboxIndeterminate = false;

>   /** Display a message in a tooltip on the checkbox */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /** Display a message in a tooltip on the toggle-all checkbox */
```

  @Input() toggleAllCheckboxTooltipMessage = '';

>   /** Define the position of the tooltip. Available options: 'left' | 'right' | 'above' | 'below' | 'before' | 'after'. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /** Define the position of the tooltip on the toggle-all checkbox. */
```

>   @Input() toogleAllCheckboxTooltipPosition = 'below';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  @Input() toogleAllCheckboxTooltipPosition: 'left' | 'right' | 'above' | 'below' | 'before' | 'after' = 'below';
```
